ability
viju
and usual
acha corners is your usual this
that
we really main given to economist Alcona
nakatsu-san said see Chucky
hakuna yep curiosity Calculon a joke
no elbows from here
not yet buddy no to the groins no
grabber oh okay
so Morris fun okay see okay sink on
jump jump jump Lindy welcome to the
Pride Fighting Championships I am the
fight professor Stephen quadrants
alongside my broadcast partner Elwha
Paul bas Rutten Rutten Duque round
number one for Pride Fighting
Championships is ten minutes
it's the enduring round the endurance
round you know with a round like that a
ten minute round you have to fight more
strategical you know you can't really
blow everything out in the first two
minutes because you got a lot of time to
go in the clinch
no manoeuvring out of a position thanks
to the clinch both guys battling for
position here in the clinch oh this one
oh man right the button and he goes down
looks to me like he recovered Wow
recover quickly
punch you know this shows that these
guys are in great shape because if
you're in great shape you can take a
punch
wow they were training in great counter
punch I always say that at birthday
parties how many times these little kids
ask you to hit you in your stomach you
know and there's always that one kid
that hits you unannounced
what are breathing in and they almost go
down but you have to like get your poker
face up
yeah but these doesn't that kid hit you
below the belt yeah most of the time we
just wait for him outside
Oh
somebody's bleeding we're seeing hooks
aplenty here beautiful body shot he's
got him trapped up against the ropes in
the clinch and then we ever got a clinch
what's he gonna do with it
and another one the clash is his worst
enemy because he's backed up to the rows
going to go five minutes into the rap Oh
double underhook oh they took me in one
shot
but no power shots both men are now
bleeding Oh glasses uterus rock from
that punch whoa this is a rocky movie
this is same oh man that was a punch a
huge victory fire
bad news does it once again
and here's a replay of the punch that
ended it
and here we see it again and that shot
was unbelievable
great replay